so I had to show you guys another one of
my furry bees and so the Heinz baby club
if you sign up they'll send you this box
of goodies and so there's like a be
reusable shopping bag there is a product
coupon for a free Hein cereal to be
great and you get a sample rice cereal
you get a can of the Heinz nurture
infant formula so as I showed you guys
yesterday the Tim Hortons food drive I'm
just gonna stick this can of formula in
there too and then drop it off that's
split gonna be like four big cans of
formula or maybe five in that bag which
is awesome it'll help some families and
the shopping checklist food journal
nutrition guide and a growth chart which
is like being put on your wall so that's
pretty awesome free at Heinz baby club
which is awesome I like free stuff fun
and there's willow a big WT so I'm just
making some lunch and this is a really
yummy well um okay let me just say that
it looks yummy I haven't tried it yet
but it's basically chunk light tuna and
I had that cloverleaf coupon for 50 cent
opportunist so it was awesome tuna
mayonnaise Apple egg which I'm
waiting for now and salt never yummy and
there's the finished product that's tuna
hard-boiled egg mayonnaise Sam pepper
and apple there's also much yeah me so
I'm just breastfeeding willow and I
noticed there was like this little jelly
like crystal excuse me crystal on her
cheek and I picked it off and I was kind
of like I've noticed these before and I
was telling to you about it and I'm like
I wonder where the hell those come from
or why they're made and I realized after
googling it that they come from the
nursing pad which so I tore it open and
sure enough there's all kinds of little
crystals in there I figure unable to see
them on the camera but they're coming
through the breast pad and sticking to
my nipple and I don't know I don't even
know like had I not seen it she would
have ingested it which is horrible so
Johnson's that makes these nursing pads
you got to get on that because like
seriously they're coming through the
pads and that's horrible I'm gonna have
to do some research online now to see
what they're made out of yeah so my
parents are coming over since these
working nights I'm gonna make the
macaroni casserole and I'm obviously
getting the rest people's allrecipes com
which is where I get all of my recipes
and this just calls for macaroni swap
pepper parmesan cheddar cheese
mozzarella cheese all right you know
telling indirect seasoning basil and
feta cheese which is in the fridge and
then you basically cut or cook the
macaroni put it in a dish oh and also
hopes these can of whole peeled tomatoes
let's just sleep ahead of it these will
work diced plum tomatoes that's why it
says whole peeled tomatoes but they say
whole peeled tomatoes drained and then
chopped sure this does the work for me
right here and yeah so you just mix it
all together and bake it lots of cheese
and Oh yummy yeah
a ok so I've got my diced tomatoes with
the basil or oregano Italian seasoning
salt and pepper in here this is my
cheddar and marble cheese there's my
feta my Parmesan my noodles are done now
I'm just going to drain them and then
once they're strained I'm going to put
them in here and then what I'm going to
do is stir into the hot pasta before I
add anything else I'm going to stir in
the cheddar the mozzarella in the
parmesan and then once that she's melted
you add the tomatoes sprinkle the feta
on top bake it for 20 15 to 25 minutes
that's it here's what it looks like just
before it goes in the oven yummy you
talking to them are you talking to your
puppies yeah where are they look their
summer summers lying right beside to you
and Molly's your to his grandpa and
grandma coming over to see you